The MSU mobile site is well designed and I won't say that I don't like it but I don't particularly like it either. There are some things it does very well, namely structure, navigation, and readability; however where it significantly lacks especially when comparing to it's desktop counterpart is rich content and consistent experience.
The structure and navigation aspects of the MSU mobile site are very strong with content very much optimized for operation using a touchscreen. Content is organized with touch-tips that are intuitive. There is also a search bar for finding content that doesn't fall under the main categories. When selecting any category the top navbar turns into a breadcrumbs navigation element which is very useful for jumping back to different sections without running into issues of dynamic content interfering with the native back controls of the browser (or this can also be useful if being linked from another site). Readability is also greatly improved from viewing the desktop site on mobile, text is large and design elements are minimalized to make it a more high contrast reading experience.
The areas where this design falls short is primarily in the consistent experience. When viewing a page on the MSU desktop homepage and transferring down to a mobile view the content is not dynamically adjusted and instead is completely redirected to the mobile homepage which provides a greatly different experience with some content not being available at all. This can be particularly problematic when transferring mediums (ex. viewing a site on Chrome desktop and using mobile sync to continue reading on a mobile device). Also the design elements, while enhancing readability, greatly take away from the aesthetic appeal and brand identifiers of MSU's homepage. This goes hand in hand with the lack of rich content. The mobile site does not have any images beyond basic icons, I would say that is more than half of the appeal of the MSU homepage and it is completely stripped from the mobile site.

The site is well designed from a usability standpoint as a standalone webapp but it has a long way to go to become similarly useful to the desktop page.