Jasonsantamaria.com has a decent design to it however there are a few aspects of it which prevent it from being great. These can be broken down in to three sub-categories; space, inconsistency, and aesthetic.
First off the use of space on the site is inefficient. Each new post on the homepage is too wide which is straining to read with the accompanying right column content. It's not so bad that it's painful but just feels mildly inconvenient and annoying at first scan over the site. The site could greatly benefit from a gridded layout of it's blog content.  Continuing on with this the margins of the page could be used more effectively to display the content from the bottom; especially social media links, featured content, and the search bar. On first glance through the site I was bored until I got to the bottom where I saw the featured content that looked more interesting. Content that captures the audience or helps them find what they want should be immediately available upon landing on the page.
Inconsistency is the second part of the problem with the page, when clicking the top navigation and going to the articles page the layout completely changes. It changes to a gridded layout like I had suggested in the last paragraph but also adds a number of bubbles up near the top for a filter. On first glance at the site it wasn't immediately evident to me that the bubbles were there for filter functionality and they looked more like links to other pages. Also the lack of visual content near the top makes the pages look like a wall of text. When going to reading it is another similarly disorienting page as the gridding completely changes there too. 
The last part of the critique is the aesthetic. The site looks very bland on the initial load. There is too much whitespace with very little engaging content or content discovery tools. The site does not grab me in any way, even though it seems that the developer did a great job of coding the functionality the bland look may cause some to feel otherwise. The design could use more engaging elements near the top by pulling content from the footer to a sidebar.
The site works very well but it could be far better.